Instructions for deployment
---------------------------

1. Requirements

 All that is required is a location that can be accessed via web. This
can be a dedicated web server, part of it, or simply a public access
folder of one teacher: in Unix/Linux machines, tipically something
like:

      /home/teacherlogin/public_html

where 'teacherlogin' es the login name of the owner of the directory.

The web server needs to have PHP enabled. This is a very common script
processor, and most likely already present in the machine you intend
to use: if not, you have to install it or have the system
administrator install it. Note that it is only required to save the
grades of students.


2. Installation

Installation and use cannot possibly be simpler. Just drop all files
in the GitHub repository from which you have obtained this file into
the place chosen. Notice that the repository BayesSim has two
branches, 'master' and 'english'. The first is localised in Spanish,
the second in English: pick the one which best suits you.

Strictly, you only need files,

    client.htm
    backend.php
    battleship.png
    sub.png

If your web server is picky, you might have to rename file
 'client.htm' to 'client.html'.

3. Customization

Once the files aboved are inplace, you are all set. However, you might
wnat to change some detail. All code having to do with the simulator
is in file 'client.htm'. You migh want to change:

   a) Labels and messages: "Last search:", "Correct", etc. in lines
      33-38.

   b) The grid, increasing or reducing the number of sectors. This can
      be changed in lines 71-110, but is not advised. Note the
      latitudes and longitudes are "hard-wired" in the code.

   c) The thresholds and colors of the sectors, in lines 135-139.
   d) Labels of informative message when mouse over one sector, in
      lines 144-146.
   e) Probability of detection in one search (the 'p' of paper,
      default is 0.6), in line 44.
   f) Good bye message, line 373


4. Grades


When the student finds the lost submarine, his/her grade is the ratio
of "right" to total searches, in a scale of 10 (this can also be
changed: line 193). The script 'backend.php' is invoked which creates
a file with the student ID as name, and the grade (and timestamp or
name, if required) as content.

This script  can be changed to anything, in particular to access a
data base manager to store grades: this is of course site-dependent.
